fix: Add readme (#194)
google-gemini/gemma-cookbook: Demos/Gemma-on-Cloudrun/README.md

 --no-cpu-throttling \
 --timeout=600 \
 --region {REGION}
```

Explanation of Variables:
* `SERVICE_NAME`: The unique name for your Cloud Run service.
* `IMAGE`: The Docker image to deploy. This can be one of our [pre-built images](#pre-built-docker-images) or an image you built yourself.
* `YOUR_API_KEY`: **Crucial for authentication**. Set this to a strong, unique API key string of your choice. This key will be required to access your service. See the [Authentication](#authentication) section below for more details.
* `REGION`: The Google Cloud region where your Cloud Run service will be deployed (e.g., us-central1). Ensure this region supports the specified GPU type. See [GPU support for Cloud Run services](https://cloud.google.com/run/docs/configuring/services/gpu) for more details.
* For other flags and optimizing setting, see [Run LLM inference on Cloud Run GPUs with Gemma 3 and Ollama](https://cloud.google.com/run/docs/tutorials/gpu-gemma-with-ollama#build-and-deploy) for more details.

After successful deployment, the gcloud command will output the Cloud Run service URL. Save this URL as `<cloud_run_url>` for interacting with your service.

## Authentication

> We recommend deploying the Cloud Run service with public (unauthenticated) access using `--allow-unauthenticated`, and then enforcing authentication using the `API_KEY` environment variable you set during deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started quickly, you can deploy the Cloud Run service with public (unauthenticated) access using `--allow-unauthenticated`.  The service will validate the `API_KEY` environment variable you set during deployment.  Longer term, we recommend enabling IAM authentication and using the google-auth SDK.
```
